So we added our own server side middleware.
Let's now test it.
Let's test it from our next application and let's say we want to send the request to track data whenever
the user logs in.
Just an example.
So here in our offending Kaid user action I want to send an additional post request to our custom API
whenever in an off indication process succeeded.
So here in the Ben Block where we set the token and so on here I'll then actually send a number request
and so after setting everything here I'll return a new call to this X years.
Like that.
But this time the request goes to localhost 3000 or your production to host 1.
Once it's running.
You could of course also exchange this with some environment variable which is set up in your inbox
config.
So to localhost 40000 slash API slash track data.
And now here I just want to send some data.
If you have a look at our backend we're trying to access a data field let's simply send a javascript
object which has a data field.
That is what we're trying to extract which might be just a message authenticated something like that.
Now if you save this and you go back to your application let's log in
we're redirected.
And here you see that stored data of Finnic handed was printed on the server side.
This is coming from your own code.
And again you could have done anything here you could have reached out to your own database is how you
can run your own server side code and how you can achieve a closer integration of next and your server
side code while still having that separation of necks being responsible for the preparation of your
pages and the rendering of your pages and your Abra areas and the Express framework being responsible
for your own server side logic.